JUDY WOODRUFF: And now to
the day's other major story.
It is in London, where a
fast-moving fire engulfed a
high-rise apartment building.
It killed at least 12
people and injured scores.
We have a report from Dan
Rivers of Independent Television
News, and with a warning: Some
of the images and sounds
may be disturbing.
DAN RIVERS: With horrifying
ferocity, the fire consumed
Grenfell Tower in minutes, a
24-floor inferno from which
there was no escape for some.
Trapped by smoke and flames,
residents signaled their plight
from on high as the building
disintegrated around them.
On this mobile phone footage,
the cries for help are chilling.
MAN: Help!
Help!
MAN: We saw people looking out
of the windows, screaming help,
screaming, help, help, flashing
their lights and everything.
And now all those windows,
people are gone, literally gone.
MAN: I saw one person
trying to jump out.
One actually jumped out,
and obviously what happened.
It's just a nightmare.
DAN RIVERS: The streets around
Grenfell Tower were soon full
of those who escaped its flames,
children among those suffering
from the acrid fumes.
An exhausted little girl
is cradled as the shock
and bewilderment sink in.
Many here have lost everything.
Some are still unsure what's
happened to neighbors,
friends, loved ones.
And, above them,
the fire raged on.
As the sky lightened,
the flames continued
to devour the building.
This was the view from the
SOUTH BANK, the plume of
smoke visible for 20 miles.
With daylight, stories
of extraordinary escape
started to emerge.
SAMIRA LAMRANI, Witness: A
lady appeared at the window,
gesturing, body language, from
what she was saying, I'm
about to throw my baby,
please catch the baby.
And the baby, I think,
was wrapped in some sort
of bed sheet, blanket.
And she threw the baby.
As the baby came down -- and
this was about approximately
from the ninth or 10th floor
- - a member of the public,
a gentleman ran forward and
miraculously grabbed the baby.
And, like I said, above you,
from the left, from the right,
mostly kids, it was harrowing,
torturing screams
for help, young kids.
And I think also, where
the fire was now spread,
people were reaching out
from the front window,
trying to grasp a bit of
fresh air, trying to breathe
in like they were struggling.
And there were, at one point,
one window about four or five
heads all squeezing their heads
through.
It was honestly
like a horror movie.
DAN RIVERS: Some had
knotted sheets together
in an attempt to escape.
But even this left them
several floors short of safety.
WOMAN: People were
jumping off buildings.
People were screaming, saying,
help me, help me, help me.
DAN RIVERS: The cause
of the fire is unknown,
but one resident claims
it spread from her
neighbor's flat, possibly
a faulty appliance.
WOMAN: The fire started from
the kitchen, but I don't know
exactly -- from which problem,
I don't know.
But it was from the kitchen,
because the flat door was open.
DAN RIVERS: It's already
clear the death toll
will be significant.
Up to 600 people lived in
Grenfell House in 120 flats.
For those who were on the
very upper floors, the
odds of survival seem slim.
Those fighting the fire
confirmed today how challenging
it's been to extinguish.
MAN: This was an unprecedented
fire in terms of scale,
speed, and spread.
And just to reiterate that
point, the incident continues
to be a challenging incident for
us.
DAN RIVERS: There is speculation
a gap behind a recently added
external cladding may have
created a chimney effect,
allowing the flames to spread.
Some had to wait all
night before they escaped.
This man was still
calling for help six hours
after the fire started.
At times, he disappeared
into clouds of smoke,
but, incredibly, he did
finally make it out,
one of 65 rescued from
Grenfell Tower today.
Tonight, while most of the
flames have been put out, the
charred shell of the tower block
continues to smolder.
It may be days before the
final death toll is known, and
much longer before the cause
of this tragedy is pinpointed.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Prime Minister
Theresa May promised a full
investigation, and the British
government ordered safety
checks at other high-rises
undergoing renovations.